docs(upgrade_guide): update upgrade guide with Pydantic information (#5316)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: docs/upgrade.md

```

## Importing Pydantic objects

> We have stopped exporting Pydantic objects directly from `aws_lambda_powertools.utilities.parser.pydantic` to prevent potential confusion caused by Pydantic V2's significant changes in type, class, and method exports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now import Pydantic objects directly rather than from `aws_lambda_powertools.utilities.parser.pydantic`. We've made this change to streamline the import structure and allow you to use new Pydantic features as soon as they become available.
```

Author: I like the idea but the `and allow you to use new Pydantic features as soon as they become available.` part is not realistic. 

What about

> You can now import Pydantic objects directly rather than from aws_lambda_powertools.utilities.parser.pydantic. This change provides a more intentional import structure, allowing you to import only the specific Pydantic components you need.

Reviewer: That's ok - but then I think the next sentence might be somewhat redundant

Author: What about this?

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/46fd88ef-aae6-4ddb-a352-1170db7e83a9)

> This change prevents customers from accidentally importing all of Pydantic, which could significantly slow down function startup times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This change gives you more control over what you import from Pydantic and minimize its impact on function startup times.
```
